Add Documentation for Specifying CA Cert File for LDAP Auth Backend (#1419)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/configuration/authentication/ldap.md

> # Include this `ldap.set_option` call if you want to ignore certificate errors. This might be needed to accept a self-signed cert.
> ldap.set_option(ldap.OPT_X_TLS_REQUIRE_CERT, ldap.OPT_X_TLS_NEVER)
> 
> # Include the following to validate the certificate of your ldap server.
> # This should not be used with the option to ignore certificate errors above.
> ldap.set_option(ldap.OPT_X_TLS_CACERTFILE, "/path/to/ca.pem")
> ldap.set_option(ldap.OPT_X_TLS_NEWCTX, 0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Include the following to validate the certificate of your ldap server.
# This should not be used with the option to ignore certificate errors below.
ldap.set_option(ldap.OPT_X_TLS_CACERTFILE, "/path/to/ca.pem")
ldap.set_option(ldap.OPT_X_TLS_NEWCTX, 0)

# Include this `ldap.set_option` call if you want to ignore certificate errors. This might be needed to accept a self-signed cert.
# WARNING: You should not do this in production!
ldap.set_option(ldap.OPT_X_TLS_REQUIRE_CERT, ldap.OPT_X_TLS_NEVER)
```

Let's recommend the more secure approach first.
